The human impact has devastated the earth and lead to huge issues on our planet, which need to be fought against. I am going to take a look at two of the biggest problems threatening our environment today: population growth and the pollution of the air. Both of these issues demand attention in todays societies but which should be taken care of first?

Population growth has been shown to have a huge impact on the environment. More people living on the earth means, that there is a need for more infrastructure like housing, transport, food and water. These issues might seem like they’re the most important at the moment but experts believe, that the population growth is slowing down and the human population will peak around 2080. So the population growth isn’t getting worse and we as humans have some time to strategise.

A issue that is definitely getting worse is the pollution of air. Not only does air pollution lead to global warming it also causes health issues especially for those who are vulnerable to them like children, and the elderly. In a society we need to take care of these vulnerable groups as we later want to be taken care of as well. This issue is very pressing as there are already consequences we can feel today. There are more natural disasters, like floods, caused by climate change, which in turn is caused by mankind and its high production of greenhouse gases. There is an immediate need to take care of the problem if we want humans to survive the crisis we are in right now.

In summary the continuous growth of the human population is a very important issue, but it isn’t as pressing as the air pollution.
